generated codemeta.json with orcid's (#205)
openneuropet/PET2BIDS: paper/persons_info.txt

0000-0002-9120-8098	Melanie	Ganz		Rigshospitalet, University of Copenhagen

0000-0003-4010-4632	Cyril	Pernet		Copenhagen University Hospital, Rigshospitalet

0000-0002-2850-1419	Adam	Thomas		National Institute of Mental Health

0000-0003-2131-5688	Martin	Nørgaard	Københavns Universitet, Rigshospitalet, Stanford University

> 0000-0002-7209-1736	Gabriel	Gonzalez Escamilla	Gonzalez-Escamilla, G.

Author: ```suggestion
0000-0002-7209-1736	Gabriel	Gonzalez-Escamilla	University Medical Center of the Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz
```
